EKS Documentation (#695)
epinio/epinio: docs/user/tutorials/install_epinio_on_eks.md

#  AWS EKS configuration

## Create an EKS cluster

If you don't have an existing cluster, follow the [quickstart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html) to create an EKS cluster.

## EKS Prerequisites

* We follow the documented recommendation of having at least 2 nodes for EKS
* Epinio v0.0.21 has been tested with AWS EKS incl. kubernetes version v1.20.4
* To do more extensive testing we recommend a 2 node cluster with "t3.xlarge" instances

> * To just try out Epinio, e.g. 2 "t3a.large" are sufficient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To just try out Epinio, just 2 "t3a.large" instances are sufficient
```

Author: I'd leave it like that (the "e.g."). There are nearly 400 instance types within AWS, and I choosed "t3a.large" for it's price (2VCPUs, 8GB RAM, 5GBE) - but there are similar, and even cheaper ones the user could join for other reasons ...

Reviewer: The problem I have with the `e.g` is syntactical. The sentence  makes no proper sense to me with it. How about
```
To just try out Epinio just 2 "t3a.large" (or similar) instances are sufficient
```
I added the `(or similar)`.

#### Install Dependencies

Follow these [steps](./install_dependencies.md) to install dependencies.

#### Install Epinio CLI

* Download the binary

> Find the latest version from [Releases](https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases) and run e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the latest version at [Releases](https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases) and run e.g.
```

```bash

> curl -o epinio -L https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases/download/v0.0.20/epinio-linux-amd64

Reviewer: The thing you noticed. Version mismatch. Maybe use a placeholder like `VERSION` in the command, and note that this is the placeholder for the actual version.

```

* Make the binary executable

```bash
chmod +x epinio
```

* Move the binary to your PATH

```bash
sudo mv ./epinio /usr/local/bin/epinio
```

#### Install

> Installing Epinio in an EKS cluster will be done in two steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installing Epinio in an EKS cluster is done in two steps.
```

#### Install Ingress In Cluster (for a custom DOMAIN)

> Install ingress first and wait for the `loadbalancer-ip` to be provisioned for the `traefik` ingress. Then, you can map the `loadbalancer-ip` to your `Domain Name` e.g. `example.net` and wait for it to be mapped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First install ingress and wait for the `loadbalancer-ip` to be provisioned for the `traefik` ingress. Then map the `loadbalancer-ip` to your `Domain Name` e.g. `example.net` and wait for it to be mapped.
```

```bash
epinio install-ingress
```

> The output of the command will print the `loadbalancer-ip`, but with EKS it will print a loadbalanced FQDN, possibly resolving to multiple IPs. Therefore we recommend to create a wildcard domain using CNAME records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command prints the `loadbalancer-ip` needed. Note however that for EKS it prints a loadbalanced FQDN instead, which may resolve to multiple IPs. Therefore we recommend to create a wildcard domain using CNAME records.
```

> #### Example wildcard DOMAIN with AWS "route53" service

Reviewer: I would indent this and its subsections, to make clear that they are part of the first step.

Author: True, but the two step install is mentioned in any docs - so that's copied from e.g. GKE, part of AKS, aso. - I'd prefer to have it in another docs fix PR, to keep them similar/close

Reviewer: Question of style maybe. With the section at the same level it sort of looks as if there are three steps. Ok.

As an example we will use the [AWS Service Route53](https://console.aws.amazon.com/route53/v2/home#Dashboard) to create a wildcard domain within one of your existing "Hosted zones", e.g. **example.net**.

Given Epinio ingress installation provided you with the following hostname:

```bash
Traefik Ingress info: [{"hostname":"abcdefg12345671234567abcdefg1234-1234567890.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com"}]
```

you will have to add two CNAME records, for the subdomain, e.g. "test" to have "test.example.net", resp. "\*.test.example.net".

##### test.example.net

```bash
Record name: test
Record type: CNAME - Routes traffic to another domain name and some AWS resources
Value: abcdefg12345671234567abcdefg1234-1234567890.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com
```

##### \*.test.example.net

```bash
Record name: *.test
Record type: CNAME - Routes traffic to another domain name and some AWS resources
Value: abcdefg12345671234567abcdefg1234-1234567890.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com
```

> Finally,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, running 
```

`> host test.example.net`, or even

`> host epinio.test.example.net`

should resolve to e.g. "abcdefg12345671234567abcdefg1234-1234567890.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com".

#### Install Epinio In Cluster

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With DNS now available the second step actually installs the cluster:

```

#  AWS EKS configuration

## Create an EKS cluster

If you don't have an existing cluster, follow the [quickstart](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started.html) to create an EKS cluster.

## EKS Prerequisites

* We follow the documented recommendation of having at least 2 nodes for EKS
* Epinio v0.0.21 has been tested with AWS EKS incl. kubernetes version v1.20.4
* To do more extensive testing we recommend a 2 node cluster with "t3.xlarge" instances
* To just try out Epinio, e.g. 2 "t3a.large" are sufficient

#### Install Dependencies

Follow these [steps](./install_dependencies.md) to install dependencies.

#### Install Epinio CLI

* Download the binary

Find the latest version at [Releases](https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases) and run e.g.

```bash

> curl -o epinio -L https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases/download/v0.0.20/epinio-linux-amd64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -o epinio -L https://github.com/epinio/epinio/releases/download/<epinio-version>/epinio-linux-amd64
```

```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where `<epinio-version>` is a placeholder for the chosen version.
```
